New flow for data deletion and editorial improvements (#629)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/relying-party-solution.rst

- The Relying Party MUST register with the Federation Authority to obtain both the Access Certificate and the Registration Certificate.
- The Relying Party MUST implement secure mechanisms for handling and processing received Digital Credentials, ensuring the integrity and confidentiality of the Relying Party Solution.

> - The Relying Party MUST expose an endpoint for the erasure of personal attributes presented by the Users whenever the requested attributes that can uniquely identify Users (e.g. the "Codice Fiscale" claim of the PID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Relying Party MUST expose an endpoint for the erasure of personal attributes presented by Users whenever the attributes requested by the Relying Party include a unique identifier of the User (e.g. the "tax_id_code" claim of the PID).
```

Reviewer 2: uniquely --> unique
